.TH PAM_KRB5_CC_MOVE 8 "January 2024" "Version 1.0" "pam_krb5_cc_move Manual"

.SH NAME
pam_krb5_cc_move \- Pluggable Authentication Module for Kerberos Credential Cache Migration

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pam_krb5_cc_move.so

.SH DESCRIPTION
pam_krb5_cc_move is a PAM (Pluggable Authentication Module) that facilitates the migration of Kerberos credential caches. It is designed to be called during the PAM session phase, specifically in the opening session.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B source=
Specifies the source credential cache format. The default is "KEYRING:persistent:%{uid}".

.TP
.B destination=
Specifies the destination credential cache format. The default is "FILE:/run/user/%{uid}/krb5cc".

.TP
.B debug
Enables debug mode, providing additional log information.

.SH RETURN VALUES
.PP
.BR PAM_SUCCESS
Successful completion of the credential cache migration.

.PP
.BR PAM_SESSION_ERR
Error during the PAM session phase.

.PP
.BR PAM_AUTH_ERR
Authentication-related error.

.SH EXAMPLES
The following PAM configuration demonstrates the usage of pam_krb5_cc_move in the /etc/pam.d/common-session file:

.B
session required pam_krb5_cc_move.so source=KEYRING:persistent:%{uid} destination=FILE:/tmp/krb5cc debug

.SH FILES
.TP
/etc/pam.d/common-session
PAM configuration file for session management.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pam.conf (5), krb5_ccache (3)

.SH BUGS
None known.

.SH AUTHOR
Your Name <steve.traylen@cern.ch>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2024 Your Organization. All rights reserved.

.SH DISCLAIMER
This module is provided "as is" without any warranty.

.SH NOTES

